hey y'all Irish guy here now I want to
talk about the importance of something
that a lot of people don't even
acknowledge and that is a turba stumble
now what's so cool about this is that
people look at it's like always a thick
glass I'm not going to get as much
beverage but the fact of the matter is
is that there is a gap there's a space
for air between the outer layer and the
inner layer and when you hold it in the
hot Sun you know maybe ice is kind of
depleted in your kingdom and maybe you
just had a slightly chilled coke and and
some rum that's been sitting in that
pipe half melted ice and you're out in
the ocean like I am right now in the
Virgin Islands you want to maximize the
amount of pleasure from your beverage so
a service member is essential and what's
also good about it
is that when you're in certain
environments such as this you cannot
have glass so you've got to have glass
this is a suitable product it's plastic
it's not a Red Solo Cup or other similar
brand it is a Turkish something so when
you drink out of this not only are you
keeping your beverage in an optimal
temperature but you're also exuded this
unspoken level of the plants then others
could not even so you can find within
this video's description the link to
where you can order a terrorist home or
they come in a lot of different
and it's something that I could go on
and on about a Turkestan I really could
I mean it's it's something that's so
cool but the main thing is is that
wherever adventure takes you and you can
see how long the water wherever
adventure takes you be prepared and
subscribe youtube.com forward slash
Irish step share this video with others
and good as miner half is filled y'all
have a good day